com/example/cooklet/databinding/IntroScreen5Binding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.IntroScreen5Binding
com/example/cooklet/Recipe.java
 com.example.cooklet.Recipe
com/example/cooklet/databinding/IntroScreen4Binding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.IntroScreen4Binding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/IntroScreen2Binding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.IntroScreen2Binding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/IntroScreen1Binding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.IntroScreen1Binding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityMainMeunBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityMainMeunBinding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/IntroScreen3Binding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.IntroScreen3Binding
com/example/cooklet/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity
com/example/cooklet/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cooklet.BuildConfig
com/example/cooklet/ListAdapter.java
 com.example.cooklet.ListAdapter
 com.example.cooklet.ListAdapter$1
 com.example.cooklet.ListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/cooklet/MainActivity_Introduction.java
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Introduction
com/example/cooklet/databinding/LayoutSingleListItemBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.LayoutSingleListItemBinding
com/example/cooklet/StepsActivity.java
 com.example.cooklet.StepsActivity
 com.example.cooklet.StepsActivity$1
 com.example.cooklet.StepsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityMainPrepareBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityMainPrepareBinding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/LayoutSingleTypeItemBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.LayoutSingleTypeItemBinding
com/example/cooklet/Type_icon_adapter.java
 com.example.cooklet.Type_icon_adapter
com/example/cooklet/preparation_adapter.java
 com.example.cooklet.preparation_adapter
 com.example.cooklet.preparation_adapter$1
 com.example.cooklet.preparation_adapter$ViewHolder
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityStepsBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityStepsBinding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cooklet/ReipeData.java
 com.example.cooklet.ReipeData
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityMainTypeBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityMainTypeBinding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/ActivityMainIntroductionBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.ActivityMainIntroductionBinding
com/example/cooklet/databinding/LayoutPrepareDataPresentBinding.java
 com.example.cooklet.databinding.LayoutPrepareDataPresentBinding
com/example/cooklet/Dataset.java
 com.example.cooklet.Dataset
com/example/cooklet/PreferenceManager.java
 com.example.cooklet.PreferenceManager
com/example/cooklet/MainActivity_Prepare.java
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Prepare
com/example/cooklet/MainActivity_Type.java
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Type
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Type$1
com/example/cooklet/MainActivity_Meun.java
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Meun
 com.example.cooklet.MainActivity_Meun$1
